Okay. And the youngest son, Billy, of course,
he
wasn't, because he had an old mean daddy that said
what he thought, for various reasons, that being
the principal one, he wasn't accepted into the
school of veterinary medicine at A&M. Got his
degree in animal science down there. I told him, I
said, well, there are other ways to make a living
besides running their medicine. He says, I'll
decide if it takes me all my life, I'm going to be a
veterinarian. I said, well, I'm going to spend all
my life helping you. So he's accepted at the
University of the Philippines. How he got in
there, I don't know, but he was accepted out there.
So we flew out there, and he went to the University
of the Philippines for two years. And he'd just
come back in after his second year out there, and
the telephone rang one day. He said, this is Dr.
Niemeyer at the University of Missouri.
We have an opening up here, and we're offering you a
position in the College of Veterinary Medicine.
He said, well, I don't know, Dr. Niemeyer. I'm
pretty happy where I am, but I'll come up and talk to
you. He says, that's what I want you to do. So he went
up there. and decided to enroll in the University
of Missouri went through and in his senior year
there's some lady up there that gives a little
stipend to the outstanding equine veterinary
student senior veterinary student and it's that
student is selected by the professor and he was
selected the outstanding equine veterinary
student at the University of Missouri the year he
graduated. And he came back here. I tell my Texas,
you don't mind, I tell my Texas A&M friends that
they did me a great favor. They made my son go to
another school and get a good education. But
anyway, he has come back here and he's done a
tremendous job. He has in about, how long has he
been back here? Three years? Four years? No, he's
been back. Four years? No, he was married five
years in July, so he's been back over five years.
Well, he graduated in 81, didn't he? Or 80? 80. 80?
All right. Well, he's been back five years. And I
tell people he just messed up my practice. When he
came back, I had my practice... I had it figured out
where I was taking care of my friends and special
people, and he came back and said, no, Dad, you're
supposed to try to take care of everybody. And he's
shriveled our practice. Shriveled it, yeah.
Shriveled it, and he's, of course, he's brought in
some young veterinarians with him. He has three
other young veterinarians with him. Now, that's
another thing. These young people communicate
with this generation better than I do. Uh-huh,
yeah. I don't know why. I don't know why. But they
can sell them, and they can relate, and they
communicate. He can just convince people, you
know, if he decides this is what he's supposed to
do, well, he can just tell them, and that's the way
it goes. And sometimes they'll argue back and
forth with me. He's just more convincing, just
smarter, I guess. I guess it's his mother in him.
Well, I do want to say to your favor, and I've always
been impressed with individuals who are
complimentary toward their parents. And I talked
to him the other day, and first I apologized to him
for calling him and, you know, interrupting his
day and so forth and so on. He said, no problem. And
then I told him what's that, and he was very
complimentary of you both. And I think that that is
a real... something that is very nice. Well, we
appreciate that. And he's just alert, bright, to
the point, pleasant, and all that sort of good
thing. I'd like to ask, go ahead. We're very
fortunate. We've never had any problem with
either one of our boys. Well, that's wonderful.
Sure have. Dub's quite a little younger than you
are, isn't he? He is. Because he graduated in the
50s. He is. There is about 15 years difference.
That's a lot. Usually families aren't, you know,
nowadays they have the three children and quit
right then and there. That's right. That's right.
Yes. I'd like to ask you two questions more or less
in closing, plus anything else after that you may
want to say. Do you have any observations on your
year as president of the Texas Veterinary Medical
Association?
I wasn't president of the Texas Veterinary
Medical Association. I was in the chairs. I think I
was maybe first or second vice president. And I was
elected to the board of the ABMA.
I
didn't go on through because I just didn't have the
time.
Well, you're certainly right. OK, my next
question is going to be, what
are your observations on your years I mean, I know
it wasn't just one year, you know, you're
president-elect, etc., etc., etc., but that's
the year you get knocked around. Well, and you do.
You run over a lot of people if you think you're
doing what's right, you know, and you make enemies
and friends, but... I wouldn't take anything for
that year. It was a wonderful year, and I've made
friends all over this country and foreign
friends. What happened specifically? I wouldn't
go through it again. What happened specifically?
I mean, is there any highlight? Oh, I guess
probably the highlight of my... My tenure, shall
we say, as president of the ABMA was when I went to
Washington and
visited with President Kennedy. You were in the
chair of the centennial year of the association.
Yeah, that's right, too. That was the centennial
year. You must have been 62 then, is that right? 62.
We
had asked Graham Purcell to introduce a
resolution in Congress setting aside veterinary
medical week because of our 100th anniversary.
Why, he says, sure, I'll do that. And he got up
there, and he found out that there hadn't been one
of those things put through Congress Franklin
Roosevelt's days and he didn't let that deter him
he just kept on and I appeared before two or three a
Senate committee and a House committee too
requesting this and
Oh, I had old Senator Dirksen on my side, and gosh, I
made a lot of friends up there, and we got the darn
thing passed. We don't know how. Well, that was a
highlight. She brought it up, too. We don't know
how it happened. Well, that's tremendous. But we
got that thing passed, and we were in New York at the
AVMA meeting, and Graham was down there. He was
attending with us. We had asked him to come down.
And he had a call that the president was going to
sign this proclamation the next morning at 9
o'clock in Washington, D.C. So he and I got on a
commuter plane and flew to Washington.
And I had one of these little...
knick-knack things, commemorative outfit.
Medallion. Medallion. That's what I was trying to
say. Commemorating our 100th. ABMA medallion.
Yeah. Centennial medallion. Centennial
medallion. That's what it was. So I was carrying it
with me, and I was afraid when we walked into the
White House that they'd shake us down and take it
away from us, but nobody said anything. We walked
in, and they took us into the Senate room first, the
cabinet room first, and we sat down there, and
there was some John Kennedy matches, so we both got
us a box of John Kennedy matches. And then here
comes an old boy, I thought he was a janitor or
somebody, and he took us into the fish room, and he
says, now, I said, that's a beat-up old desk right
there, and he said, yeah, that's a desk that the
that President Kennedy's father gave him when he
was elected to
the legislature, when he was in the House, I
believe. And I says, what's that old deer head over
there? And he said, that's the deer that President
Kennedy killed on Vice President Johnson's ranch
last fall. I said, well, that's the best. That's
the best job I ever saw on a head like that. Mounting
a deer head? Mounting. I said, that's the best
mounting I ever saw on him. Because I said, you
know, there's just no signs of those rope burns on
that neck. Well, he didn't think that was very
funny. Come to find out, he was the president's
secretary about the second... one second
secretary down. So we walked out of there and we
started down the hall to the Rose Room and there was
that old skin-headed boy and I said, hell, I've
seen that old boy. And I walked up and shook hands
with him. I said, I'm Dan Anderson. He says, I'm
Dean Rusk. Dean Rusk. Secretary of State. Yeah,
Secretary of State. And I turned to old Graham and I
said, these sure are friendly people. He says, oh,
yeah, they don't have anything to worry about
except when somebody's going to drop an atomic
bomb on us or something like that. That's about all
they have to worry about. So I walked on down into
the room and introduced me to Kennedy, and he sat
down and took about a half a dozen pens to sign that
thing. Did you? Oh, yeah. Hope you still have it.
Yeah, we still have it somewhere. And... So I'd
asked Graham, I said, now, when do I give this thing
to him? And I don't know, you may not get a chance to.
Well, I says, yeah, I'll get a chance to. And he was
in the back in the middle of his writing, and I said,
well, Mr. President, I know you get a lot of this
kind of crap, but we sincerely want you to have it as
a token of our appreciation for what you've done,
or something like that. Later,
Graham said, no you didn't say crap, it was even
worse, you said junk.
So then I got to talking to the president about his
wife's little dog and we visited there a few
minutes. And Graham was embarrassed and he walked
off. And he says, you know, I turned and looked and
the president had his arm around Ben's shoulder.
And we finally left and he says, you've
embarrassed me so it'll take me a year to get back in
this place. I said, Graham, I ain't coming back. I
had to get everything I wanted. While you were
here? Oh, yeah, yeah. And another... Another
thing that I wasn't supposed to, we had the
president's picture on our brochure, you know,
for the centennial meeting. And I said, Mr.
President, I sure would like to have your
autograph on it to Dr. Dan Anderson with regards,
John F. Kennedy. And I said, you know, I have two
boys. I've just got to have another one. I got
two of his autographs, and you're not supposed to
ask the president for his autograph. Oh, is that
right? I just found it out, but I got it. Yeah, old
Graham says, you've messed me up so it'll take me a
year to get back here. Well, I'll tell you, the only
thing you could have done for Graham that would
have improved the whole situation, you should
have invited the president to Dallas.
We've got an awful nice city called Dallas down
there in Texas. We'd just be dying to have you come
down. But somebody else took care of that. Someone
else. I guess LBJ invited him over. Yeah. Well,
those were wonderful. That was certainly a
highlight. You know, wasn't it quite a strain? You
remember, who was our AVMA president? Our
president and... treasure for so long, uh, uh, was
in Minnesota then moved to Washington. Oh, uh, oh,
oh, name's right on the tip of my tongue. The, you
mean the treasure? Yes, he was AVMA treasure for
several years. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. He was from
Minnesota. He's a good friend of mine, and he died
here. About three or four years ago. Don, Don...
Spangler. Don Spangler. Yeah. He was a real nice
fella, and he came down here and addressed the
AVMA, the TVMA, in 65 when I took over. Yeah. And I,
after we finished, I said, Don, you look beat. I
said, are you going to be busy for a couple days? And
he says, well, yeah. He says, I've got to get back up
to the snowdrift, but I don't have to be there until
the day after tomorrow. And I said, why don't you
come on down to the son of Mac Allen and just rest for
a little bit? And he says, that's us. You know, we
met in Corpus Christi. He said, that's a splendid
idea. I said, okay, we'll meet down there, and
we'll put you up in the Holiday Inn and just come on
down. So he came down there and checked in, and in
about ten minutes he was dressed out in the sun on
one of those chaise lounges, you know, that they
have out there around the swimming pool. And I
said, you know, we want to show you around the
valley here, so as soon as you finish here and get
your clothes on, we'll take you a little tour. And
he says, You aren't going to do any such thing. He
says, I'm just going to sit out here this afternoon
and I'm going to soak up this sun. I'm going to
forget about all those snowdrifts and I'm going to
relax so I can go back to the snow and see a few more
meetings. He says, but, if you will, please. If you
would take my Chrysler down to the Chrysler agency
and get this and this and this and this done,
because every place I've gone, you know, it was all
snowed in underneath, and they couldn't do
anything with it. And he says, I want you to get the
oil chains and grease, the alignment fixed and all
that sort of thing. Could you do that for me? And I
said, yeah, sure can. So I went down there. It took
all afternoon to get all that done, you know, and I
brought it back. And I says, Don, what can I do for
you? And he says, you've done it all for me. He says,
I just feel wonderful. He says, I'm just ready to go
back after it again. So that was kind of the way it
was during your year, wasn't it? Oh, yeah. Yeah, it
was hectic. I would fly out of here and make
meetings. And then I would come back, and they'd
have things
stacked up. The boys wouldn't try to take care of
it. They'd say, well, now Dr. Anderson's out of
town, but he'll be back here Tuesday, and we'll set
you up for Tuesday. All right, that's fine. I would
fight it for a few days, and then I was gone again.
But I wouldn't take anything for it. It is a
wonderful experience. But like I say, I wouldn't
do it again at all. Well, AVMA was 100 years old
then, and it's a lot older now. You know, old Dick
Turk told me I had just been elected in Detroit. And
naturally, I... He was on the board for a long time.
Yes, yes. He followed me on the board, too. And I was
writing notes. Well, I've got to do this, I've got
to do that. He said, Dan, how old is this? I said,
man, it's going to be 100 years old next year, and
I've got a lot of things to do here, a lot of things to
think about, centennial celebration and all that
stuff. He said, just relax.
You can't possibly destroy it in two years. He
said, just relax. You can't possibly destroy it in
two years. Dan, isn't it a shame that we didn't sit
down and get a two-hour interview from him? Back
before, you know, he wasn't the same Turk the last
five or ten years. No, no. You're talking about the
original. Yeah, the original Dick Turk. He was
sick the last ten years. Yeah, yeah.
Unfortunately. You know... He should never have
been re-elected to that board up there as a second
term. He was not in physical condition or mental
condition to do it, but I wasn't one to say. You
know, we'd been friends all those years, and he
wanted to go back, and I said, well, what the hell.
Don't you think Charlie Huff was pretty good for
TVMA?
Uh-uh. He might have been good for TVMA, but he
wasn't worth a darn for me. And I'll tell you what. I
would... I'll tell you what I'd do. I'd recommend
it. I told him at the time I'd recommend him for any
other job than anybody else, but I thought he ought
to be out of the TV and that. Is that back in 62? No.
No, Charlie Huff. They didn't. Just here, just
before they fired him. Oh, I'm talking about
recently. Yeah. But you know, he was there for 17
years. And he got worse all the time. I don't know
what Charlie... quiet charlie did it but he
screwed me around about three or four times and
without any reason about the last year he was there
and finally i just got on his tail and and uh oh uh
several little things and finally they made me an
honorary life member what do they call it and sent
me a certificate and didn't even sign
it which it didn't make any difference you know but
uh uh uh
in the beginning yes in the beginning i i think
charles uh charlie uh probably did an outstanding
job but uh as all executive secretaries do
eventually they get to where they I guess we bring
it on them because we allow them to do this. They get
to where it's, I'm doing this and I'm running this.
Not for the board, I'm doing it, you know, I'm doing
it. And eventually they'll make enough people
mad, like he did me, that they'll have to move on.
That's the story of executive secretaries. Well,
my only complaint was that I think Executive
secretaries are never supposed to last that long,
you know. It's just like city managers. Yeah,
yeah. 10 years is probably the top, and 12 years is
too much, and 15 is way too much. That's right,
that's right. But,
well, looking back on your practice life, what do
you think of it? Well, if I had it to do over again, I
wouldn't change it a whole lot. I've been greatly
blessed. I really have. I'm not a wealthy person,
but I've made some good investments. I got
involved in a little old bank out here 20 or 25 years
ago and made investments in it. And then I
got in involved with Texas phenethiazine, and it
eventually worked out all right. In fact, I just
got paid off. We sold that thing on credit. I just
got my money last fall. But anyway, all in all, and
my practice, I just...
wouldn't change my practice a whole lot. I've got
friends, I've got acquaintances, I've got
clients that have been doing business for 40
years, and I've got... I worked for the father, I
worked for the... Then I worked for the son, and
then I'm now working for the grandchildren. For
the grandchildren, yeah. And... Oh, we haven't
made everybody happy, but we... I'll... I'm not
ashamed of the crowd I'm running with. Well,
that's wonderful.